Document androidtv_remote.send_text service (#37620)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/androidtv_remote.markdown

  entity_id: remote.living_room_tv
```

### `androidtv_remote.send_text`

> The `androidtv_remote.send_text` action allows you to send text to your Android TV device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `androidtv_remote.send_text` action allows you to send text as input to your Android TV device. This allows you to fill text fields as if it was typed using the keyboard.
```

When I was reading this I was wondering where would the text show up, and if was some kind of notification, until I realized that it was for "typing", so I think it would be nice to have a clearer description (my suggestion is just a suggestion, feel free to reword and adapt)

{% note %}
It requires the on-screen keyboard to be closed first.
{% endnote %}

| Data attribute | Optional | Description |
| -------------- | -------- | ----------- |

> | `entity_id`    |       no | Name(s) of Android TV remote entities. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `entity_id`    |       no | Android TV remote entity or entities to send text to. |
```
